'\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
'\" vim:fenc=utf-8
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH ayatana-webmail 1 "Jan 2021" "Version 21.1.25" "Ayatana Webmail"
.SH NAME
ayatana-webmail \- Webmail Integration into your Desktop
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBayatana-webmail\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
[
\fIoptions\fR
]
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
Ayatana Webmail is an application that integrates your webmail into
MATE, Xfce, LXDE and other environments.
.PP
In the tray applet, it displays notifications about incoming mail, shows
the number of unread messages and displays subjects in the Messaging
Menu.
.PP
The Launcher item also has a quicklist that provides quick access to your
mail folders. It also allows you to quickly compose a new message.
.PP
Ayatana Webmail uses your webmail provider's IMAP server to access
the messages' meta information and status, and mixes in web browser elements
when opening folder lists, message views or message composers.
.PP
Ayatana Webmail can be started via XDG autostart, all you have to do is to enter your
accounts settings in a configuration dialog.
.PP
The \fBayatana-webmail\fR executable does not have any command line
options. It launches the \fBayatana-webmail\fR tray applet.
.SH FILES
~/.config/autostart/ayatana-webmail-autostart.desktop
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ayatana-webmail(1), ayatana-webmail-clear(1), ayatana-webmail-reset(1), ayatana-webmail-settings(1), ayatana-webmail-url(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual has been written for the Ayatana Indicators project by Mike
Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>.
